add LatenceTech version compatibility section CTOR-1945 (#4675)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-latencetech-restapi.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

##  Compatibility

> This connector was designed to be compatible with LatenceTechversion 2.1 and above (see [official documentation page](https://docs.latence.ca/50-release-notes/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector was designed to be compatible with LatenceTech version 2.1 and above (see the [official LatenceTech documentation page](https://docs.latence.ca/50-release-notes/)).
```
